Document how to link zowex sdk for devs (#4279)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowex-for-zowe-explorer/README.md

In the event that the server is unresponsive, you can restart the server with the `Zowe Explorer: Restart zowex server on host...` command.

To remove the server instance entirely, run the `Zowe Explorer: Uninstall zowex server on host...` command.

## Development

### Linking a local Zowex SDK

To test local changes to `@zowe/zowex-for-zowe-sdk`, link your local `zowex` repository from the root of the Zowe Explorer workspace:

```bash
# Uses default path: ../zowex/packages/sdk
pnpm --filter zowex-for-zowe-explorer link:zowex

# Or specify a custom path (must be relative to workspace root)

> pnpm --filter zowex-for-zowe-explorer link:zowex -- ../custom-path/packages/sdk

Reviewer: Just a heads up, this command does not work in PowerShell because the argument substitution seems to fail. Could we make this shell-agnostic somehow?

Author: Replaced the Shell command with a Node.js script that is hopefully more Windows compatible 😋

```

> **Note:** The link automatically reflects edits to existing files. If you add or remove files in the SDK, re-run `pnpm install` in Zowe Explorer to update the package structure.

Reviewer 2: I feel like we could clear this up a little. What edits is it reflecting? At what point when you add/remove files should the command be re-run? I'm confused by the phrase "automatically reflects edits."

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4279/commits/ce574b3779ba513866dae59687298cb6c3e9a707

### Testing backend changes

> To test changes to the `zowex` server without redeploying, define a `serverPath` property in your SSH profile in `zowe.config.json`. Point it to the directory containing the built `zowex` binary on the host (e.g., `<deployDir>/c/build-out`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test changes to the `zowex` server without redeploying, define a `serverPath` property in your SSH profile in `zowe.config.json`. Point it to the directory containing the built `zowex` binary on the host (for example, `<deployDir>/c/build-out`).
```
